Chapter 2

When Kyle gets home he is still looking at the card. He turns the TV on for noise then get on his computer to look up the place. To his amazement it's one of the as most call them pedobars. He smiles thinking of the girl. But is scared to think of what it's actually like to go to one. He can't help but think, "Are they truly legal now? Or should they be called pedo traps"

He searches for more and sees that this is the first one in this area. He then looks up and sees that  you can't just apply for membership. Someone has to invite you and if they find out you enticed or asked the person your membership is immediately revoked. 

Finally his curiosity gets the best of him and he calls the number on the card. A woman in a very bored voice, that tells him she really hates her job, says, "The Playpen. How can I help you?" Kyle replies, "Yeah. I was calling on information about you. I mean the club. Some girl dropped this card when I returned something she dropped." The woman without changing her tone says, "We're the playpen. It's where the cats play"

Kyle replies, "Yeah I can read you card. I was just wondering because I saw you're a pedoclub" The woman now in a angry bored voice says, "Sir. If a girl dropped a card in front of you that means she likes you and wants to you to come play", She yawns, "That's what they call visit" He says, "Well ok I guess I'll check it out" The woman sarcastically says, "Yay", then hangs up.

Kyle frowns and says, "Damn at least they could of hired someone better at answering the phone" He picks up the card and to see the address and goes to get dressed.

After showering and shaving he's out the door around seven. But when he gets to the location it looks like a abandoned restaurant. He would leave it wasn't for all the cars parked in the parking lot. Feeling very lost he walks up threw the rows of cars till he gets toe the building. Then checks a door and sees it's locked. Now he's completely lost and begins looking around. 

The neighborhood it's in isn't really developed much. It's full of a bunch of abandoned buildings with a few businesses between, The active businesses don't look any better than the others, though. 

Then as he's getting ready to leave a man in a suit walks around the building. Kyle gets nervous thinking it's someone up to no good. But when the guy walks up to him and says, "Excuse me sir" Kyle smiles and says, "Sorry I heard their was a bar here. I was mistaking I'll leave" The man replies, "Did you get a business card if so can I see it?"

Kyle nervously hands the man the card. Who nods and says, "Follow me" Kyle does as instructed and is led around the building to a side door that looks like a old employee entrance. Where he turns and says, "We're sorry about the confusion the club is still being fixed up. But the girls couldn't wait to open so we went on and did. All the fun is downstairs just follow the signs.

Inside Kyle wonders why the man told him to follow the signs. because he's followed all they way into the hall. Where hanging from the ceiling he sees a lit up sign that says, "The Playpen" and a arrow pointing to the door.

He opens the door and begins walking down the stairs. As soon as the door opens he can hear music. But it's not the usual club music. It's pop songs teens and younger listen to. Then he opens the door and sees a very large open area with what actually looks like a large play pen in the center of the room. But the most shocking thing is it's full of girls ranging from seven to thirteen. and all of then are wearing cat hand bands like the girl had and blue skirts and matching tops. under the skirt is a tail protruding out. Most of which are curled up. He can't help but smile. 

The man escorting him ushers him into a room where three other men are sitting. One with a rough beard and balding head is smiling a little to much. Kyle gives him a look and sits in a chair over and across from him. Close to the other man who's just clean shaven and tapping his fingers.

Kyle looks up and says, "So whats going on?" The man shrugs and says, "I saw a guy earlier, A girl came in and walked him out. I just thought I'd check it out. Some girl dropped a card after I handed her back something she dropped. I had no idea what I was getting myself into" Kyle shrugs and says, "Why don't you leave then?" The man looks up and says, "Why are you here?" Mike nods and says, "The same" 

The other man laughs and says, "Hey might as well get comfortable. Two days ago I was told to come in here and sit down. Luckily today oh Dave here came. So we created a game. Want to play?" Kyle shakes his head, And the balding man says, "your loss" The one the man called Dave looks at Kyle and rolls his eyes a bit gently shaking his head.

Then the door opens and Kyle sees the girl he saw earlier. She's smiling but this time wearing uniform the others are wearing. He has to admit she looks a hell of a lot better than before. He sees lines painted on her face to represent whiskers. She's dressed as a black cat with a black skirt going down to right above her knees and a white tee shirt with the logo the play pen. Her barely visible breast are making little bumps in her shirt. Kyle smiles and says, "Why hello again" She smiles and in a come hither gesture with her index finger motions him to follow.

The balding man smiles and says, "Finally" and gets up grabbing the girl" She lets out a scream. Kyle and the other guy go after him but two very large men grab him taking the girl away. They then pick him up and carry him up the stairs. The girl dusts off her skirt and looks at the other man and says, "Cuddles will be out in a minute. She's got chores to do. But please wait in the waiting area, until she's ready for you", in a professional but still childish voice. Kyle starts to follow the man but she takes his hand and giggles. She then says, "Silly your with me. Let me show you around. I can only show you for a minute then I have to get back with the actual members." Kyle a little taken back says, "OH" She smiles and says, "But I would love if you become a member" She blushes and says, "I think your cute" He's taken back again not use to being hit on, by what he assumes is a nine year old girl. She smiles sensing his discomfort and says, "Mister, please relax. But if we're just going to stand here I'll get in trouble I need to show you around"

Kyle nods feeling weird. The girl he was secretly checking out at the dinner is now wearing a catgirl costume and showing him around a pedoclub. That takes a second to sink in. He knows he's always had a thing for girls around her age. He just thought he liked being around them because of how happy they acted. Yes he admits he is sexually attracted. But is that why he can't keep a girlfriend. He's has a few but everyone of them, he just don't feel right. He even tried to go out with a man once thinking he was gay but quickly realized he wasn't. The question layed in his head for a minute before he thought, "IS that why. It's because I'm strictly a pedophile?" The idea makes him feel very guilt stricken. The girl says, "First you can call me whiskers. But right here." She points to the playpen which is full of human sized toys that look like cat toys. and even has girls on them playing like they are cats, "Is our playpen. Instead of a catwalk we have this", rolling her eyes after she's done. 

She smiles and says, "We're allowed to go in character if we like. It's encouraged actually but not enforced. I personally just like the cute outfit. She smiles and lifts up the bottom of the skirt about a inch to show off the the outfit. He smiles and says, "It's cute". She giggle happily and says, "I know. But girls like snowball over there" pointing to a girl wearing all white with white ears and a white tail. even a white skirt and shirt. Licking the back of her hand. 

Whiskers goes on and says, "Some really like to get in character" He nods and they go on and says, "Here's the bar" She walks him over to the bar wear men and girls are sitting drinking.  The girls are sipping on milk and the men various beverages. She smiles and says, "For the record all we're allowed to order is milk. But we can have regular milk, vanilla milk, Strawberry milk, and chocolate milk. And sometimes if we're good in a milk shake." She then whispers, "After closing we have fun and they order pizza and pop. The delivery boy likes our uniform" Kyle smiles and says, "So do I"

She then takes him back to the waiting area and says, "Well that's the end of the tour. I can't talk anymore. Your welcome to go over to that bar" She points to a bar in the corner wear no one is sitting. It don't even have a bartender, "But you can only stay there till closing. After that you can't come back. If you choose not to be a member" Kyle nods and says, "How do you become a member?" She giggles and says, "I was hoping you'd ask. We can't pressure you, but follow me" She skips over to stage that is across the place and says, "Mr Duffle, he wants to join" A tall slender man wearing a suit walks over to him. He sticks his hand out and says, "Welcome. The girls call me Mr. Duffle. But my name is Jim Masters" Kyle nods and says, "I'm Kyle" Jim smiles and says, "I know who you are. Before you get a invite you're thoroughly checked" Kyle frowns and says, "How did you get my info?" The man says, "We have our ways. But after you pay your monthly fee you can enjoy the place. Whiskers really has a crush on you. She has since she first saw you" Kyle smiles and says, "That's nice tell her she's cute. But just a tad to young" Jim laughs and says, "Kyle I know your not use to being about to be open about your fetish but here you can. Just don't try to harm a loli like Gerald did." Kyle assumes it was the man they drug out. Jim keeps talking, "He appeared a few weeks ago and no one knows who invited him so we just let him stay in the waiting area till someone remembered or at least started liking him. But after attacking Whiskers he's now banned"

Whiskers blurts out, "Their taking him up stairs where they literally throws him out. It looks fun I've asked Dan to throw me but he says no", she looks down sad. Jim smiles and says, "Whiskers, one of this days we might put padding in here and let him do that" Whiskers gets happy and says, "Cool"

Finally Kyle gets out his wallet and says, "Do you take debit card?" Jim nods and says, "Sure do" He takes the card and scans it with a hand held credit card reader that he pulls out of his jackets inner pocket and then looks at his phone and says, "It was approved. I'll be right back with your paper work. Whiskers if you take him to the bar and tell Jed to get him what ever he wants. It'll be on me." Whiskers gets happy and says, "Can I have a milk shake?" Jim smiles and says, "Why not"  She takes Kyle's hand and pulls him to the bar.

At the bar the bartender named Jed asks Kyle, "What would it be?" Kyle looks back and says, "Bourbon on the rocks" Whisker excitedly says, "I'll have a vanilla milk shake". Kyle and Whiskers sits and talks for a over a hour. He don't know why but the relief of being able to just talk to her is making him feel like a new man. He's feeling a excitement inside him that he's only heard others talk about. Finally trying to change the subject from her kitten at home. She's been talking about all the cute things it does for the past hour. He says, "So do you have a boyfriend". She gasps and says, "Kyle I'm sorry but you can't ask me anything like that till your probation is over. Plus we still have to have your background check" Confused he says, "I thought you already did that?" Whiskers rolls her eyes and says, "No silly we just followed you and saw where around other kids and stuff you just want to help" He nods feeling nervous. Jed leans over the bar taking a break from washing a glass and says, "Kids don't get small talk. Your fine" Kyle nods feeling better.

They sit there and talk longer till he can see her eyes getting heavy and she has her head resting on her arm. Just then Jim comes over the intercom and says, "All good cats need there sleep. So guest and members it's time to go. And to any new members, I'm sorry you can't come back till we give you a second invite. you can expect it in a couple of weeks. If  you don't receive it you didn't get in. Goodnight and drive safe". 

The place gets brighter from all the lights coming on and all the girls start walking threw the employee only door. Most of them sleepy. The others, the guest and members go threw the front door. Kyle chugs down the last of his whiskey and follows suit.

At home he takes off his shoes and sits in his chair looking threw his phone. He has a feeling of nervousness about himself but also a feeling like he did something great. He finally knows what he's never been attracted to the women he's dated before. For the longest time he thought he was just attracted to the idea of liking woman. Even when he lost his virginity back in high school to a girl with double d breast and a body that would make most men kill for. It took him a long time to come because he just wasn't into it. He had to think of younger girls to that. 

That was his freshman year later that same year he dated a girl he was really attracted to mostly for the fact she was a late bloomer and puberty had barely called her. But then puberty caught up with her and he lost attraction. She thought it was the acne she got. It was just that she started looking older. 

That's when another idea comes over him what happens with Whiskers starts turning into a woman. He don't mind the start of puberty or early puberty. but once they start getting more than just a batch of pubic hair and full tits. He looses attraction.

He sits there pondering over his new epiphany till almost dawn when he looks at the clock thinking it's a little after eleven and sees it's four in the morning. He decides to finally get to bed knowing he don't have to get up in two hours to get to work.

He lays in bed jacking off. Thinking of whiskers and wondering what her actual name is, until he goes to sleep. He then dreams of his little vixen.

He imagines her letting him look up her skirt and to his surprise she's not wearing panties. just the tail attached by a elastic band. He looks up from her hairless pussy and says, "Does my little pussy want her pussy licked?" She looks down and nods saying, "Please" He moves closer to her puffy pussy opening his mouth and begins licking it. He can hear her soft moans telling him. He's doing a good job. 

After he's done she holds the base of his dick and sticks his cock the whole length into her mouth and begins blowing. HE tenses up and begins teasing her pussy.

next he french kisses her and he begins fucking her very tight pussy. He looks down and says, "Damn this is great" She gives him her giggle and says, "Your cock feels great hump me harder" So he does. He goes harder and harder shoving his dick as far in as he can before pulling it back out. 

She has her eyes closes while she enjoys her orgasms. That keep coming one after another till her whole body is trembling. finally he can't take it anymore and pulls out his dick and sprays his seed all over her. He looks down and smiles saying, "How was it" She looks up and says, "Fuck me".

